---
id: welcome
title: Welcome
slug: /
---

Welcome to OpenSquare, an open collaboration world.

## What is OpenSquare

OpenSquare is an open source bounties platform built on top of Substrate blockchain framework. We facilitate a space that allows open source developers to get paid for their work contributing to open source projects and in return.

Different from other similar platforms, we dedicated to build a collaboration & reputation platform. It will support users to collaborate in a new way, the users’ collaboration data will be stored openly and transparently, and the data security is guaranteed by the open blockchain network. Any organization can provide users personalized services by tracking and parsing the open collaboration data.

Compared with other crowdsourcing platforms, OpenSquare have these advantages:

1. Users benefit from their own data. The data generated by users has value itself, and of course users should benefit from it.
2. Open, transparent and tamper-resistant user data. Users’ privacy data should be guaranteed in technical ways. Non-private data is the basis for providing personalized services to users. This part of the data should be open and transparent to any service party, and it can not be tampered by storing in blockchain.
3. Normalize users reputation model to provide accurate service. Open and credible data make it possible to build reputation, which will reduce the cost for users’ collaboration.

## Multiple Collaboration Modes

### Bounties

Focusing on bounties, users’ operation may include creation, review, approval, hunting, submission, etc.

### Short-term Employment

Collaborators usually worry about payment issues in the process of short-term collaboration, for example, how to pay and the payment channel. On the OpenSquare platform, users can flexibly customize the payment cycle and manage the start and end of collaboration.

### Payment Questions

For domain knowledge, users can post questions on the OpenSquare platform with corresponding digital currency locked for this. When an answer is adopted by the question owner, the author can get the fund.

### Custom Collaboration

To support users' flexible collaboration needs, OpenSquare will extract common collaboration units. Users can combine, set, and manage these units to support their customized business.

OpenSquare will explore other collaboration modes based on user needs.
